[MUSIC]
>> Rachel Nabors: I wanna give you the
chance to use some animation stacking on
your own.
We're gonna use animation-delay start
the sitting animation after the walking
animation.
Now it's time for the learning by
watching portion of this exercise.
Switching over to the editor view,
you can see that all we have going
on here is some serious CSS.
We've got Tuna on
a walk-cycle right here and
I've also provided us with a sit-down
set of key frames as well.
We're gonna run sit-down after
the walk-cycle has finished.
And it's gonna look a little
something like this.
So first, we start by adding a comma.
And we're gonna do sit-down,
and let's see.
It's gonna use steps.
It's got five frames,
we're doing steps five.
And we want it to only happen once,
go by default.
So let's see what happens.
We need to give it a duration so
it can actually run.
Let's give it a 0.5 seconds duration.
So now he's walking, he's walking and,
well, wait a minute, what happened there?
As you can see,
when they run at the same time,
the last animation listed runs first.
So this animation is starting
with him sitting down and
then it launches into him walking.
That's no good.
So this walk-cycle up here
is happening four times.
You'll notice that you
can actually rearrange
these animation bits however you want.
It doesn't really matter where they come,
just so long,
the only part that matters is in
what order you put your time values.
So we've got 1 second times 4 iterations.
So sit-down should run
after a 4 second wait.
So notice the first value is 0.5 seconds,
the second value is 4 seconds.
That's its delay.
He jumped back to his
original starting position.
You need to give him
a fill node of forward, so
he remembers his last animation value.
Let's see it happens now.
He's walking, he's walking,
he's gonna start sitting and
he does what he is told.
Good kitty.
We will give you a cookie after class.
Although, I don't think cats
like cookies but whatever.
He'll get one.